https://meet.google.com/iso-sjpo-vav #meeting link sg6 group
#1st meeting take aways
These were some of the takeaways from the Friday meeting (March 3rd 2026 8:40pm IST) directly relevant for the certification exam. 

1)  When you receive vouchers the expiry will mostly be in October 2026 not cumulative year.

2) The voucher  will be issued to utilize maximum only once per person. You need to pay if you don't utilize and want to have another attempt. 

3) Go to the Qiskit development certification website, through registration find out nearest ibm  centers and dates for this particular exam.


4)   Note: you can take it from home, but not even some of the default backgrounds programs should run else immediately disqualified voucher expires, (try to modify for all the requirements in separate guest account OS) , With web cam, should be shown the entire room and should  be clear  of any material ,if there are,  atleast should be unreachable and you cannot get up and move in the room or people come in. All these things will lead to automatic disqualification by default without further arbitration. The computer, you and the environment is constantly checked by Proctor in Tandem with AI software.

Take at home option is therefore very risky and tedious if not done properly. 

5) We have shared the preliminary learning resources and sample exams. To start we have have agreed to go through the IBM Quantum learning platform's Basic courses for necessary fundamentals.   Then we directly concentrate on the Qiskit developer certification material given and prepare. 



These were some of the takeaways from the Sunday meeting (March 15th 2026 7pm IST) directly relevant for the certification 
I think we are all now acquainted. It's great we have holistic group with people working on various aspects in Quantum computing,
Sunday meeting March 15th 2026 7pm IST.
Plan and Key take aways for this week moving forward.
1) Prirority : Section 1 material of  Qiskit certification exam ( we can also go Basics on IBM learning platform on the side for both theory and code syntax implementation)
2) Sharing material on Github common repository for independent access when #sg6 link closes . I have created a preliminary public repository and put in the links shared.  Once everyone is on it I will make the repository private and accessible to us alone.
3) request separate voice channel 
4) Form separate discord group and WhatsApp group. We will lose access to discord sg6 channel in June 1st.  We can also share LinkedIn profile and connect 
5)April 20th initial screening to check if participation is active.
